README.md, before:

#Author:  
Jordi Jaspers  
  
#Date of initial commit:  
16/11/2018  
  
#GBA_INFCQ [Biography]:  
This repository contains the GBA-Project for the course [INFCQ] 2018-2019. The game is turn-based RPG game like final fantasy 4 advance.  
  
DISCLAIMER:  
All the code that is copied or used from other sources will be mentioned in the reference section of this file.  
  
#TODO list:  
1.  Build & Implement the overal GBA engine  
    -> Done!  
2.  Create the Start_Scene <br />
    -> Add Sounds           -> Done!  
    -> Add Sprites          -> Done!  
    -> Add Background       -> Done!  
    -> Change Font Color    -> Done!  
    -> Selection screen     -> Takes too much time (Start, Credits)  
3.  Create the Battle_Scene  
    -> Add Sounds           -> Done!  
    -> Add Sprites          -> Done!  
    -> Create background    -> Done!  
    -> Add background       -> Done! only need movement.   
    -> Implement Controls   -> Done! 
    -> Collision Detection  -> Done! 
    -> Score System         -> not yet  
      
4.  Create Ending Screen    -> Done! 
  
  
#References:  
Music           -->     https://downloads.khinsider.com/game-soundtracks/  
GBA Specs       -->     https://www.cs.rit.edu/~tjh8300/CowBite/CowBiteSpec.htm  
Used Sprites    -->     https://www.spriters-resource.com/  
Sprite engine   -->     https://github.com/wgroeneveld/gba-sprite-engine

Commit message:

Managed to get a dynamic double background, just some weird bits layer 1

README.md, after:

#Author:  
Jordi Jaspers  
  
#Date of initial commit:  
16/11/2018  
  
#GBA_INFCQ [Biography]:  
This repository contains the GBA-Project for the course [INFCQ] 2018-2019. The game is turn-based RPG game like final fantasy 4 advance.  
  
DISCLAIMER:  
All the code that is copied or used from other sources will be mentioned in the reference section of this file.  
  
#TODO list:  
1.  Build & Implement the overal GBA engine  
    -> Done!  
2.  Create the Start_Scene <br />
    -> Add Sounds           -> Done!  
    -> Add Sprites          -> Done!  
    -> Add Background       -> Done!  
    -> Change Font Color    -> Done!  
    -> Selection screen     -> Takes too much time (Start, Credits)  
3.  Create the Battle_Scene  
    -> Add Sounds           -> Done!  
    -> Add Sprites          -> Done!  
    -> Create background    -> Done!  
    -> Add background       -> Done!   
    -> Implement Controls   -> Done! 
    -> Collision Detection  -> Done! 
    -> Score System         -> not yet
    -> created 2nd scene    -> Done!
    -> double moving scene  -> Done! don't know why there are ugly bits on the first bg layer. don't use it.....  
      
4.  Create Ending Screen    -> Done! 
  
  
#References:  
Music           -->     https://downloads.khinsider.com/game-soundtracks/  
GBA Specs       -->     https://www.cs.rit.edu/~tjh8300/CowBite/CowBiteSpec.htm  
Used Sprites    -->     https://www.spriters-resource.com/  
Sprite engine   -->     https://github.com/wgroeneveld/gba-sprite-engine
